Update README.md (#1091)
NVIDIA-NeMo/RL: README.md

- **Seamless integration with Hugging Face** for ease of use, allowing users to leverage a wide range of pre-trained models and tools.
- **Comprehensive documentation** that is both detailed and user-friendly, with practical examples.

### Training Backends
NeMo RL supports multiple training backends to accommodate different model sizes and hardware configurations:

- **DTensor** - PyTorch's next-generation distributed training with improved memory efficiency (Pytorch native TP, SP, PP, CP, FSDP2)
- [**Megatron**](https://github.com/NVIDIA-NeMo/Megatron-Bridge) - NVIDIA's high-performance training framework for scaling to large models with 6D parallelisms

The training backend is automatically determined based on your YAML configuration settings. For detailed information on backend selection, configuration, and examples, see the [Training Backends documentation](docs/design-docs/training-backends.md).

### Generation Backends
NeMo RL supports multiple generation/rollout backends to accommodate different model sizes and hardware configurations:

- [**vLLM**](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm) - A high-throughput and memory-efficient popular inference and serving engine 

> - [**Megatron**](https://github.com/NVIDIA/Megatron-LM/tree/main/megatron/core/inference) - High-performance Megatron native inference backend which eliminaites weight conversion between training <> infernce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Megatron**](https://github.com/NVIDIA/Megatron-LM/tree/main/megatron/core/inference) - High-performance Megatron native inference backend which eliminates weight conversion between training <> inference
```

- ✅ **Distributed Training** - Ray-based infrastructure.
- ✅ **Environment Support and Isolation** - Support for multi-environment training and dependency isolation between components.
- ✅ **Worker Isolation** - Process isolation between RL Actors (no worries about global state).
- ✅ **Learning Algorithms** - GRPO/GSPO , SFT , and DPO.
- ✅ **Multi-Turn RL** - Multi-turn generation and training for RL with tool use, games, etc.
- ✅ **Advanced Parallelism with DTensor** - PyTorch FSDP2, TP, CP, and SP for efficient training.
- ✅ **(even) Larger Model Support with Long(er) Sequences** - Performant parallelisms with Megatron Core (TP/PP/CP/SP/EP/FSDP).
- ✅ **MoE Models** - Support for DeepseekV3 and Qwen-3 MoE models (Megatron)
- ✅ **Sequence Packing** - Sequence packing in both DTensor and MCore for huge training perf gains
- ✅ **Fast Generation** - vLLM backend for optimized inference.
- ✅ **HuggingFace Integration** - Works with 1-70B models (Qwen, Llama).

- 🔜 **Improved Native Performance** - Improve training time for Native Pytorch Models.
- 🔜 **Megatron Inference** - Megatron Inference for fast day-0 support for new megatron models (avoid weight conversion).

> - 🔜 **Low Prcesion Support** - FP8 generation and traianing support for megatron models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🔜 **Low Precision Support** - FP8 generation and training support for megatron models.
```

> - If you update your environment in `pyproject.toml`, it is necessary to force a rebuild of the virtual environments by setting `NRL_FORCE_REBUILD_VENVS=true` next time you launch a run.
> - **Reminder**: Don't forget to set your `HF_HOME`, `WANDB_API_KEY`, and `HF_DATASETS_CACHE` (if needed). You'll need to do a `huggingface-cli login` as well for Llama models.

## GRPO

> 

Author: @jgerh  updated in [c5336d9](https://github.com/NVIDIA-NeMo/RL/commit/c5336d9301a66e4d8b46d3de45d083afeefb16af)
